Various changes for v1.1.0 release. (#88)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-typescript: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.1.0 (11/12/2019)

**Common**

* Updated development dependencies.

**olp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> * Added method for fetching partitions metadata for specific partition IDs.

Reviewer: Please specify which method it is, e.g. CPP SDK:

"Added new class VersionedLayerClient that is used to access versioned layers in OLP. Class implements GetData, GetPartitions, PrefetchTiles methods from CatalogClient."

Author: updated

> * Updated documentation for public API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated documentation for public API.
```

Author: updated

**olp-sdk-authentication**

* Added project support.

> * Updated documentation for public API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated documentation for public API.
```

Author: updated

## v1.1.0 (11/12/2019)

**Common**

> * Updated development dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated the list of development dependencies.
```

> * Updated development dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated the development dependencies.
```

**olp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> * Added method  getPartitionsById to the QueryClient for fetching partitions metadata for specific partition IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added method `getPartitionsById` to the `QueryClient` class for fetching partitions metadata for specific partition IDs.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the `getPartitionsById` method to `QueryClient`. Now, you can fetch metadata from specific partitions using their IDs.
```

> * Added the getPartitionsById method to QueryClient. Now, you can fetch metadata from specific partitions using their IDs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the `getPartitionsById` method to `QueryClient`. Now, you can fetch metadata from specific partitions using their IDs.
```

> * Updated method getPartitions in VersionedLayerClient and VolatileLayerClient to be able to fetch partitions metadata for specific partition IDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated method `getPartitions` in `VersionedLayerClient` and `VolatileLayerClient` to be able to fetch partitions metadata for specific partition IDs.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated the `getPartitions` method in `VersionedLayerClient` and `VolatileLayerClient`. Now, you can fetch metadata from specific partitions of a volatile or versioned layer using partitions IDs.
```

> * Updated documentation for public API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated documentation for the public API.`
```

> * Updated the getPartitions method in VersionedLayerClient and VolatileLayerClient. Now, you can fetch metadata from specific partitions of a volatile or versioned layer using partitions IDs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated the `getPartitions` method in `VersionedLayerClient` and `VolatileLayerClient`. Now, you can fetch metadata from specific partitions of a volatile or versioned layer using partitions IDs.
```

> * Updated documentation for public API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated documentation for the public API.
```

> * Updated documentation for public the API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated documentation for the public API.
```

**olp-sdk-authentication**

* Added project support.

> * Updated documentation for public API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated documentation for the public API.
```

> * Updated documentation for public the API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated documentation for the public API.
```
